next one up the ParaNorman don't even
know why I bought these I saw online and
I'd like that the authentic ones and I
guess I decided to see what kind of
oddly they were reps so let's take a
look at the box is horrendous but I like
the detail they put into the box itself
because it even has theam the dead stock
seagull if you can see the preparations
here and actually here stupid that suck
still here so much waka waka show and
actually has the bedside seal on it so I
guess from these boxes work source seen
better days this rock sort of a ride on
the authentic because of the fact it has
so much detail put into it but
unfortunately the box is right just
up might even want it anymore we have
back nike swoosh it's really nice back
back he was extend but it feels like it
feels there's a lot of water so it's
very quality quality material was used
when they made this bad in them it has
the lace of the laces here releases here
look like they can actually probably go
and sneaker but is only one each lace
here as you some word on it shoe itself
these are nice these are just like any
other father she probably seen online
somebody we're gonna get into it because
you know we know the carbon fiber
obviously fixed but they did better
they're doing that with the own input
yeah man's face boys Facebook here these
are really nice these they go on the
dark you know it's not dark enough
one so it's not really that dark
before you need to be able to show you
the glow in the dark but they do glow
weird on the back of this morning winds
on the back of this one scene sure
and it is just it's just a reverse
pattern on each shoe I am very satisfied
with this not like oh my god like the
chops broccoli is good these are nice
these are nice these are something that
I rock as soon as I can fix carbon fiber
have a look more effective because these
are head turners and these got to be on
point you know these got to be important
if we're gonna rock these outside so
street it's going to turn heads and
people of a nasty bug I'm gonna do a
video or the carbon fiber fix as well I
have a theory on what I'm going to do
and I'll test it out just to see if it
works in the know if it works out well
enough I'll for you that day was well
show you how to actually physically look
as close to authentic as possible from
touch and look
alright so let's get these back in the
box it's a shame bucket back so this box
which would have been really nice
additions can be together again alright
and that's it for this one on stay tuned
for review number four all right